>> Kent C. Dodds: This is my fifth
workshop for Frontend Masters and I am so
excited to be doing this.
Yeah, Advanced React Patterns stuff.
So this first slide is just
bunch of little emoji and stuff.
These are all links to things of interest.
So I am somebody who lives in Utah,
works for PayPal.
I have a family and a dog.
This is links to a picture
of my cute puppy.
My oldest is not even six yet.
So I don’t know why we got a dog.
But we did and she's adorable.
Yeah, a whole bunch of other things.
So, just to set expectations for
the workshop.
This is extremely hands-on.
So, I'm actually trying something little
bit different from one I've done before.
Before, I've had these exercises
that I will demo something for
you and then you'll do something
almost identical to what I did.
And then I'll do that again what
you did to go through the solution.
This time, I'm actually just
showing you the general like,
this is what the end result should
look like from a usability standpoint.
This is a problem that we're solving.
And then I just unleash you to that and
there are really laid out comments and
stuff to help you along.
And then I'll be walking
around to help with stuff and
then I'll work through the solution.
So, it is very, very hands on.
This is definitely advanced content so
if you are inexperienced with reactor or
java script, you might have
a little bit of trouble here.
And so, for
those of you who are experienced,
if you can help out in the chat or
here, in person,
that will solidify your understanding
of these concepts really well.
So take advantage of that opportunity.
And then somebody actually answered my
pre-event survey with exactly this.
They wanted to learn patterns
that put a smile on your face
when you're implementing
components with them.
And that's what these things do for me!
So I thought, well, I'll just add that.
Cuz that's what this is all about.
Yeah, this is what it's not.
So pretty much the whole
thing is a toggle component.
It's a component that just
manages one piece of state.
So, how many times do you need
to build a toggle component?
Maybe once.
And how often does that toggle
component need to be as flexible and
advanced as this one?
Probably never.
But at the end, we'll convert that into
something that's highly practical.
And you'll see how the patterns that we
have learned with this simple example
can be applied to these
more practical examples.
So, don't be too concerned with that.
And there's a wealth of things
that you can do with react.
We definitely don't have
time to cover them all.
So just prepare yourself for that.
So here is what we are going to cover.
Compound components, render props,
state initalizers, state reducers, control
props, provider pattern, higher order
components and then our bonus Rendux.
So, there you go.
I should´ve made that smaller.
So this is the setup, just go to
the repo and follow the instructions.
Everybody said they set up beforehand, it
should be actually be really, really easy,
especially considering the fact that you
can run the whole thing in code sandbox.
And you don't have to
actually install anything.
So you can do this whole thing
in the browser if you want to
which I think is so cool.
But yeah, if you wanna do it in your own
editor, just follow the instructions.
It should work on any machine.
So as far as logistics, sorry more
boring stuff, if you have questions,
raise your hand.
That's why we do it in
this workshop format.
I love this.
When I do my screencast for Egghead,
that's one thing I really miss out on.
I can set up this whole thing so
the environment is pristine and
there are no weird errors and
stuff, but I don't get any
feedback from anybody watching my videos
until after they're already published.
So your job here is to ask
me the questions that people
two months from now are going to want
to ask when they're watching this.
So please if you have any questions,
please do ask those.
And make any relevant
comments that you like.
That would be really appreciated.
We do have the workshop chatroom for
those of you who are remote or
even those of you who are here in person.
Again, some people may not
get things right away and
they maybe asking questions in the chat.
It's totally cool if you
wanna answer those questions.
That's part of your workshop experience
is helping other people get this.
So definitely take advantage
of that opportunity.
At the end of all of our exercises
we’ll have, so all of our exercises
have tests to validate that you’ve
implemented things correctly.
And for each one of those test files,
there’s an extra test that has
a link to a feedback form.
That's not just a feedback form,
it's an elaboration form.
Scientifically proven,
you reiterate what you've just learned,
you'll retain it better.
And so this is for you.
It's also for me, but it's mostly for
you to reiterate what you've learned so
that you retain this.
And so
please fill that out when you're finished.
If you have any questions from me,
I say anything that is not really relevant
to today's discussion, feel free to ask
those on my ask me anything on GitHub.
And then feel free to follow me on Twitter
cuz I sometimes tweet interesting things,
at least some people think so.
Okay, so this is our routine for today.
I’m gonna start out with explaining why,
and give an intro to the exercise.
And then we’ll do exercises.
And if you are able to and interested
in pair programming with somebody,
that actually can be a really
effective tool at understanding.
And so if you can, then yeah, definitely,
you’re welcome to chat and talk and
invited to do that during the exercise.
And then fill out that form.
Some of the exercises have
a bonus that you can do
in addition to the other material.
You can expound on the solution and
make changes so
if you finish early,
see what you can break and
prepare yourself with questions to ask me,
would be really great.
And then try to find opportunities
to help other people.
And if you find like typos and
stuff like that you can also
make pull requests to the repo.
I should actually mention that I have had
two people who have made pull requests,
several pull requests to help
make this workshop even better.
So a huge shout out to these two folks.